Update README-make.md to include instructions on how to run Robot Framework tests with a visible browser (#1032)
plone/buildout.coredev: README-make.md

.venv/bin/zope-testrunner --test-path .venv/lib/python3.12/site-packages -s plone.memoize
```

#### Robot tests

To run Robot Framework tests, you can also use `zope-testrunner`.

> If you want to see the browser in action while the tests are running, you can set the `ROBOT_BROWSER` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To watch the browser run Robot Framework tests, use `zope-testrunner` and set the `ROBOT_BROWSER` environment variable.
```

Author: Done.

> Example for running a specific Robot test with the Chrome browser visible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example runs a specific Robot test with the Chrome browser visible.

```

Author: Done.

> ```bash

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````

Author: Done.
